ZUUIRevealController
=======

A Facebook inspired custom iOS ViewControllerContainer that enables to have a UIViewController on top of another. The rear view can be reveal either by slowly panning the finger across the front view's NavigationBar, by quickly flicking it left or right or simply by tapping the 'Reveal' button.

Info
=======

- The code does _not_ make use ARC, but it is fairly easily ported.
- The sample project is universal, thus it works both on iPhone/iPod and iPad.

How-To
=======

1. Copy the 'ZUUIRevealController.h/.m', 'FrontViewController.h/.m' and 'RearViewController.h/.m' along with their respective XIB files into your new project.
2. Check out the example project's AppDelegate.m to see how to initialize the hierachy properly and do the same in your projects AppDelegate (or whereever you want to have the RevealViewController).
3. ???
4. Profit.

Coming Soon
=======

- Both right and left sided reveals with either the same or a different view on each side. (See path.com implementation)
- Smoother 'overdraw' function if panned further than the predefined edge.

License
=======
Copyright (c) 2011, Philip Kluz (Philip.Kluz@zuui.org)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Philip Kluz, 'zuui.org' nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL PHILIP KLUZ BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Contact
=======

If for whatever reason you feel the need to get in touch with me, feel free to message me at: Philip.Kluz@zuui.org
